Add documentation for providers (#3154)
guardian/grid: docs/07-extending/02-image-processors.md

Image Processor provider pipelines
==================================

> When an image is loaded into the Grid, either via the user interface or automatically via an external API call the Grid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an image is loaded into the Grid, either via the user interface or automatically via an external API call, the Grid
```

> extracts source metadata from XMP, IPTC and other known metadata from the image. This data is stored in the database and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extracts source metadata (XMP, IPTC and others) from the image. This data is stored in the database and
```
